README.md, before:

# Welcome to the 2025 Dawson robotics website

## Overview

Dawson's robotics website is made using node and reactjs. To learn more about react please visit [the official react website](https://react.dev/learn)

## playground

The playground folder is where team members can go and try/practice any ideas they have without having to worry about messing something up in the main website


## Setup

to run and develop the website please download [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/prebuilt-installer)

Then clone the repository

We recommend using [git bash](https://git-scm.com/downloads/win) but regular terminal or powershell work too

`git clone https://github.com/Dawson-Robotics/TakTik-2025-Website.git`

to run the website from the root folder in vscode's terminal run:

`npm run start`

## recommended extentions for vscode

[live preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.live-server)  

Recommended if you know the basics already but if you're still learning it may be detrimental  
[intellicode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.intellicode-api-usage-examples)

Commit message:

add site description to reame

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the 2025 Dawson robotics website

## Overview

Dawson's robotics website is made using node and reactjs. To learn more about react please visit [the official react website](https://react.dev/learn)

## playground

The playground folder is where team members can go and try/practice any ideas they have without having to worry about messing something up in the main website

## site

The site folder is where all the development of the main website happens. In it you will find the code for all the pages and their react components

## Setup

to run and develop the website please download [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/prebuilt-installer)

Then clone the repository

We recommend using [git bash](https://git-scm.com/downloads/win) but regular terminal or powershell work too

`git clone https://github.com/Dawson-Robotics/TakTik-2025-Website.git`

to run the website from the root folder in vscode's terminal run:

`npm run start`

## recommended extentions for vscode

[live preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.live-server)  

Recommended if you know the basics already but if you're still learning it may be detrimental  
[intellicode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.intellicode-api-usage-examples)
